Update programming support documentation link (#443)
TalonCommunity/Wiki: docs/Help/FAQ.md

### How can I code in different languages with Talon

> Talon does not require special configuration for different programming languages, but many users have per-language customizations to improve efficiency. Checkout our documentation for [Community's Programming Support](../Voice%20Coding/voice-coding-overview.md) for more information on how to use different language modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Talon does not require special configuration for different programming languages, but many users have per-language customizations to improve efficiency. Check out our documentation for [Community's Programming Support](../Voice%20Coding/voice-coding-overview.md) for more information on how to use different language modes.
```
